# Insights on Interview

For the interviews I created graphs and showed them the flow and context by placing all the visuals on a Word document. 
There were several insights that I received. During the interaction it also made me realize to resort to a better platform than a PDF presentation.

The interviews were majorly my friends and roommates. (Same age group)
One them them suggested that she wasn't able to link the "Nutritio" slide with the "Animal Slaughtered" slide until explained. So I had to make the transition efficient to connect them.

She also suggested to have to probably write or display why consumption of meat might be harmful. But, since I was focusin more on the reason of "Animal Cruelty" for choosing Vegansim, I did not choose to tocuh that. I felt it might confuse a new reader and make them feel overwhelemed.
She did appriciate the Geographical map of US. It helped her gain some good insights!
In her opinion was that the script looked simple and the restraunt Geo-map was interesting as well. (Being interactive)


The second interviewee felt that the "Call to Action" part wasn't clear at first. She felt it could be delievered better. 
To acknowledge this, I made sure the ending had links for people to explore more about Veganism. 
She liked the interactive Geo-restraunt map, but felt that after clicking the data-points, it would take her to that particular restraunts web-page. Which didn't happen.
When I looked at this, I felt I could not add this feature. Because this would require a complete new data set, or probably add hyperlinks to each data-point. 
Both the options weren't feasible in the short duration I had for completing a coherent project, where the main focus was to take a step closer to explore Veganism.

One of her feedbacks also included that I could incorporate the benefits of going Vegan, to attract more people. Along with that she suggested how the food habits were so related to the Veganism topic.
I made the Veganism topic more clear at this point.


So this last interview was given by two people togehter, but I thought it could count as a single interview itself. 
They actually made a very interesting point of trying to highlight the chain restraunts with Vegan options. They mentioned the Chipotle restraunt which served Vegan options.
They felt since these restraunt chains are so popular and alomst everywhere, people would not have to go through the difficulty of finding Vegan options when in new places. 
This would indeed help for a fluent and pleasant transistion.
Knowing if the restraunt is a part of a Vegan serving chain is difficult to find. Probably combining the current dataset with a different dataset would have been helpful. But again, finding relevant data for the exact restraunts that are being talked here is difficult.

All the points taken into account, it seems I would continue to work on this as a part of my "Passion Project" and hope it helps more people than just me! :)
